Updated the README for my account (#1)
pavtiger/pavTiger: README.md

## Hello there :suspect:, I am Paul Artushkov (also known as pavTiger)
Since early childhood, I've been interested in technology. I started with soldering some boards and Arduino components. 
Then I slowly switched to Robotics olympiads with LEGO EV3 system. And went to RRO (Russian Robot Olympiad) in **Innopolis**. 
As I went to the fifth grade, I switched to more practical programming (that was the time when I started using **GitHub**). 
Enjoy hackathons very much and have been to many of **CROC** hacks (and won a few). Recently, I started coding Olympiad tasks in **Tinkoff Generation**.

I study in an IT & Physics school named Silaeder, where we do many projects and hackathons.

> Well-known languages: Python, C++, Javascript, Pascal, C.  

Reviewer: Again, note that "Well-known" does not mean "Those that I know well". It means "Those that most people heard about". It is sort of a synonym of famous.

> I have a lot of experience with Linux and writing bash scripting. 

Reviewer: I think you meant either "writing bash scripts" or "bash scripting"

## Hello there :suspect:, I am Paul Artushkov (also known as pavTiger)
Since early childhood, I've been interested in technology. I started with soldering some boards and Arduino components. 
Then I slowly switched to Robotics olympiads with LEGO EV3 system. And went to RRO (Russian Robot Olympiad) in <b>Innopolis</b>. 
As I went to the fifth grade, I switched to more practical programming (that was the time when I started using <b>GitHub</b>). 
Enjoy hackathons very much and have been to many of <b>CROC<b> hacks (and won a few). Recently, I started coding Olympiad tasks in <b>Tinkoff Generation<b>.

I study in an IT & Physics school named Silaeder, where we do many projects and hackathons.

> Good-known languages: Python, C++, Javascript, Pascal

Reviewer: I think "Good-known" is grammatically incorrect, the correct version is "Well-known", but it is kind of a synonym for famous. It means "languages that many people know", not "languages, which I know well"

> Good-known languages: Python, C++, Javascript, Pascal

Reviewer: I think "Good-known" is grammatically incorrect, the correct version is "Well-known", but it is kind of a synonym for famous. It means "languages that many people know", not "languages, which I know well"

English level B2 proven by Cambridge exam PET (Currently my level is ~C1, but I didn't take the exam yet)

## My biggest projects are:
* [Physarum modeling](https://github.com/physarumAdv)
* [TRON Legacy game](https://github.com/light-merch/TRON_multiplayer)
* [Moscow Metro analytics](https://github.com/pavtiger/Moscow-Underground-Analysus)
* Chatbots
* And many more hackathons

Just before COVID-19, I went to Saint Petersburg to participate in [Balt Konkurs](https://baltkonkurs.ru). Won 3rd-degree award and Youth jury laureate prize in "Computer Science'.

> Recently I went on an Internship at a company named Visyond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recently I had an internship at a company named Visyond.
```

> They are doing an excel for business people. It was a great experience☺️

Reviewer: Not sure the word "doing" fits well enough, but not either sure which word would be perfect

## My favorite hackathons:

> * [MediaHack](http://mediahack.me) - May 2019. We won the nomination of "Hellish coders". Because we wrote a lot of code and had great architecture but al the final moments everything crashed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [MediaHack](http://mediahack.me) - May 2019. We won the nomination of "Hellish coders". Because we wrote a lot of code and had great architecture but at the final moments everything crashed.
```
Btw, I think the main reason for being nominated on "Hellish coders" for our team was not the fact that we had the good work which crashed, but the way we have been coding. I mean, the expressiveness, loudness and so on

* [CraftHack](https://crafthack.me) - August 2019. Had a fun time soldering Arduinos and trying to make a game in terminal
* [DHHack](https://dhhack.ru) - November 2019. Our team won in nomination "Best research solution".
* Recently, due to COVID-19 there were no real hackathons, but I really want to have one.

> All [sources](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Y5jziR-H5-SE5bgzEbWFj7at5dIC8yY6?usp=sharing) (etc. presentations) for these hackathons

Reviewer: I'd say "All _the_ sources" or even "_Here are_ all _the_ sources"

> If you want to contribute to any of my repos, you are more than welcome to do that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to contribute to any of my repos, you are more than welcome to do that!!!
```
:)

* Chatbots
* And many more hackathons

> Just before COVID-19, I went to Saint Petersburg to participate in [Balt Konkurs](https://baltkonkurs.ru). Won 3rd-degree award and Youth jury laureate prize in "Computer Science'.  

Reviewer: Trailing whitespace here and 2 lines after

Author: Actually, just learned this a few days ago, but if you put two spaces in a markdown, then they will be converted to '\n'

Author: Adding just the new line will leave a big space between the lines however, this won't

Reviewer: Wow, cool feature.  Thanks!

And recently I went on an Internship at a company named Visyond.
They are creating an Excel for business people. It was a great experience☺  
Now I'm at an internship in a company [Renaissance Capital](https://www.rencap.com), there I work with Power BI, especially Power Query which is an Excel add-on that is a tool to manage your data.

## My favorite hackathons:

> * [MediaHack](http://mediahack.me) - May 2019. We won the nomination of "Hellish coders". Because we wrote a lot of code and had great architecture but at the final moments everything crashed. Moreover, the fact that we were very  had a great impact

Reviewer: Some bullets end with a period, and some don't.
